# Lab 4 Requirements

In Lab 4 we will formally specify a test plan for the To-Do application, ensure
we have test cases commensurate with that plan, and create an initial test
report.   

For this work we will use the To-Do-App directory from Lab-3, rather than create
a new subdirectory. However, please note that the Triangles.py directory is
present in this Lab, and is not the same as was in Lab-2.  Specifically, it has
added the Python logging functionality, which is relevant to testing.  This
should provide an example to help with logging and tests for this lab.

1. Create a task issue with appropriate severity, priority, and description for
   the test plan.  Draft a test plan for the To-Do application from Lab 3,
   covering the following issues:
   a. Title, author, date
   b. Introduction
   c. Test coverage and omissions.
      Specifically, what will be covered and at what level (unit, integration,
      *etc*.)
   Your test plan should be kept in your To-Do-App/docs in `test_plan.md`.
2. Add logging to your To-Do-App from Lab-3.  For this you will likely want to
   look at the way logging was added to the Triangle app from Lab-2.  That setup
   also assumes a HTML report is going to be generated by pytest, and for that
   you will need to install `pytest-html`:

   `pit install pytest-html`

   Some basics of logging are best thought of in terms of "printf debugging":
   things that you print likely should be in a log file: entry into a
   function, significant changes of state, warnings, errors, *etc*.  You are
   expected to create the necessary issues for this, and a branch for the
   logging additions.  
3. Create test cases commensurate with your test plan.  For this you will need
   both an issue and an associated branch, since it is affecting the code base.
   Since your test report will likely want the logging information, the branch
   for this testing should be created as a sub-branch of the branch you created
   in Step 2.
4. Finally, you are required to create a test report.  For this, you will want
   to assess code coverage, for which you need to install `pytest-cov`:

   `pip install pytest-cov`

   Your test report should be contained in To-Do-App/docs/test_report.md though
   you should also add to the docs directory a copy of the log file and the HTML
   report you created while using pytest.
5. While the log file and HTML report contain information about the test case
   outcomes, your test report should also assess which test cases should be used
   for
   a. a smoke test
   b. regression testing
   In particular, the smoke test should be minimal and assess basic
   functionality while the regression test should be able to cover as much code
   as possible, without covering it more than is necessary (which is primarily
   useful when tracking down bugs, but not when the purpose is solely to assess
   the present/absence of bugs).
6. The two branches you created should be left in the merge request state, with
   Derek as the assignee.
